FS-1006 struct tuples (#30)
fsharp/fslang-spec: spec/types-and-type-constraints.md

encoded form of tuple types is visible in the F# type system through runtime types. For example,
`typeof<int * int>` is equivalent to `typeof<System.Tuple<int,int>>`.

#### Struct Tuple Types

A *struct tuple type* has the following form:

```fsgrammar
struct ( ty 1 * ... * tyn )
```

> The elaborated form of a tuple type is shorthand for a use of the family of F# library types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The elaborated form of a tuple type is shorthand for a use of the family of .NET types
```

`System.StructTuple<_, ..., _>`.

When considered as static types, tuple types are distinct from their encoded form. However, the
encoded form of tuple types is visible in the F# type system through runtime types. For example,

> `typeof<int * int>` is equivalent to `typeof<System.StructTuple<int,int>>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`typeof<int * int>` is equivalent to `typeof<System.ValueTuple<int,int>>`.
```
